when intercepting the request or response, we can see that a verb will be the first thing to notice.

they are: 
- GET
- POST
- HEAD
- TRACE 
- OPTIONS 
- PUT



 As  we know the `GET` method is used to retrieve resources from server. it can also be used to send parameters to the requested resource in the query string.

The `POST` method are used to perform actions. Here request parameters can be send both in url query string and the body of the message.

`HEAD` functions in the same way as a GET request, except that the server should not return a message body in its response. 
The server should return the same headers that it would have returned to the corresponding GET request.
Hence, this method can be used to check whether a resource is present before making a GET request for it.


`TRACE` is designed for diagnostic purposes. The server should return in the response body the exact contents of the request message it received. This can be used to detect the effect of any proxy servers between the client and server that may manipulate the request.

`OPTIONS` asks the server to report the HTTP methods that are available for a particular resource. The server typically returns a response containing an Allow header that lists the available methods.

`PUT` attempts to upload the specified resource to the server, using the content contained in the body of the request. If this method is enabled, you may be able to leverage it to attack the application, such as by uploading an arbitrary script and executing it on the server.